========
File - 1.1
===================================
to to to
is is is is
he he he
that that that
they they they
me me me me
Ivan Ivan Ivan Ivan
hi Hi hi Hi
and and and
a a a a
but but 
it
of of
Alice Alice


========
File - 2.1
===================================
to to to to
is is is 
he he he he
that that that that
they they they they
me me me
Ivan Ivan Ivan
hi Hi hi
and and and and 
a a a
but
it it
was was
I
as
like like


========
File - 1.2
====================================================================
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what
was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves: here and there she saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
passed; it was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE," but to her disappointment it
was empty; she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing
somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
she fell past it.

"Well!" thought Alice to herself. "After such a fall as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top
of the house!" (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall _never_ come to an end? "I wonder how
many miles I've fallen by this time?" she said aloud. "I must be getting
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
thousand miles down. I think--" (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
was not a _very_ good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as
there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it
over) "--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what
Latitude or Longitude I've got to?" (Alice had no idea what Latitude
was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to
say.)

========
File - 2.2
============================================================================

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long
passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, "Oh my ears and
whiskers, how late it's getting!" She was close behind it when she
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it but a tiny golden key, and Alice's first
idea was that this might belong to one of the doors of the hall; but,
alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at
any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second time
round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
doorway; "and even if my head would go through," thought poor Alice, "it
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin."
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that
Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
impossible.
